hey what's up guys ac physique here and
today I am going to be doing a product
review on optimum nutrition amino energy
I have used this stuff in the past I
have tried the lemon line just out of a
packet but I decided to switch it up
normally I just did my blue raspberry
kind but the lemon line sounded
appealing so I decided to do it yeah
this stuff is awesome I use this all the
time I actually use this kind of
filtering off and on pre workouts
I know people usually consider this a
pre-workout but I don't I'll use
something a lot stronger for my
pre-workout and then when I'm cycling
off I will switch over to this stuff
because I can go sit I can only use like
so let's see one serving is two scoops
which is a 100 milligrams of caffeine so
that's not even very much compared to
most other pre-workouts and everything
in the human body typically allows like
400 grams or something - of caffeine per
day but yeah so this isn't bad at all I
actually like this flavor a lot it's
pretty sour this is what it looks like
in a shaker I'm getting ready to go the
gym so it looks pretty gross but it
looks like the whole compete in a cop or
something but yeah so I like the two
scoops is just the higher grams of
caffeine it's pretty it's very mild
actually they even tell you right here
you probably won't be able to see it too
much but they tell you how many scoops
so two scoops is my old four scoops
would be moderate and six scoops would
be intense
I've never taken six scoops of this I
don't feel like I need to normally like
I said this is kind of when I'm cycling
off for Iike leg day or something I
might put oil in today I put about two
and a half three scoops so I'm still not
even quite at the moderate that's only
about like a hundred seventy-five maybe
150 grams of caffeine so it's not too
bad and the scoops look like this so
they're not huge they're not too small
and then it's kind of just a fine powder
that you can see it's spilling out
everywhere
oh yeah this stuff is awesome I love it
because it has like beta-alanine it has
all that other stuff that you want in a
good like energy supplement as well as
your amino so normally I do like taking
an amino supplement but when I'm on this
stuff this is all I'm taking
and then like protein and stuff but
rather than aminos but yeah I just
really like this product blog because
they tell you you kind of everything so
like it even tells you occasions when to
take it like your a.m. wake up your
pre-workout energy your post-workout
recovery your afternoon pick-me-up like
this stuff is awesome and rather than a
pre-workout where if you're gonna take
it before the gym you're kind of stuck
on no more caffeine throughout the day
like this stuff you could take two
scoops in the morning to wake you up or
to go to the gym and then later on let's
say you have to work late or something
you can take another two scoops and
you're still perfectly fine on caffeine
you're not gonna overload your system or
anything but yeah it just says do not
exceed six scoops in the four hour
period and don't exceed 10 scoops per
day so like this stuff is pretty mild
but at the same time it gives me a great
workout all the time I'm still feeling
the energy by the time I get to the gym
it's just an awesome product optimal
nutrition is probably my favorite
supplement company they always just seem
that the best stuff it seems like but
yeah this thing is actually GNC rips you
off on these they sell them for like $30
for 30 servings bodybuilding.com has
these for like 18 it's like 1798 or
something like that and then they even
threw in a pro complex trial it says
it's only two servings but I think I
made it four servings because I just did
one Scoob rather than two one scoop is
still 30 grams of protein and this stuff
is awesome - I've never had the pro
complex yet but it tastes just like
chocolate milk this one's rich milk
chocolate oh yeah I thought it was
really cool they send me that too and
just the fact that this is so cheap like
that's why it's always my go-to product
if you need a good cheap energy source
get this this stuff is by far
the best for how inexpensive it is but
yeah that's a lot you guys I think I
covered everything I wanted to say so I
will catch you guys next time